c:\users\raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\bin\Debug\UHappening.dll
c:\users\raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\bin\Debug\UHappening.pdb
c:\users\raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\obj\Debug\UHappening.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\obj\Debug\UHappening.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\obj\Debug\UHappening.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\obj\Debug\UHappening.Welcome.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\obj\Debug\UHappening.dll
c:\users\raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\obj\Debug\UHappening.pdb
C:\Users\Raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\obj\Debug\UHappening.ListView.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\obj\Debug\UHappening.Temp.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\obj\Debug\UHappening.UserRegister.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\obj\Debug\UHappening.CreateEvent.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\obj\Debug\UHappening.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\bin\Debug\UHappening.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\obj\Debug\UHappening.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\bin\Debug\UHappening.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\obj\Debug\UHappening.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\bin\Debug\UHappening.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\obj\Debug\UHappening.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Raaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UHappening\UHappening\UHappening\bin\Debug\UHappening.dll.mdb
